npm -> all packages are hoisted over here, all the library or all the utilities available over here
when you create-react-app it automatically has npm in it.

what is package.json file 
this file basically configuration for our npm.

why do we need this file ? 
this packages are known as dependencies.

npm will take care of what is the version of that packages
it will take care this in the package.json

most important package - bundler 
what is this bundler ? 
html , css , js need to be compressed, cleaned etc..
bundler helpes you to do all these things.
webpack , parser, vit these are bundlers , it bundles your app so it can go to production.

create-react-app using webpack bundler behind the scene.

in our project we are going to use parser. at the end of day all bundlers are same they do all same things.

parser is one of the best library we are going to use.
this will ignite our app drastically. 

npm install -D parcel

there are 2 types of dependencies 
1.dev-depe..
2.normal-depe.. 

what is dev-dep.. 
generally requried in development phase

what is normal-dep..
used in production also. 

this is the basic difference.

here we are installing parcel as dev-dep.. that's why -D

you can see your deve-dependencies inside package.json 

node modules fetches all the code of dependencies, now we can use that code. 

there are lots of module install why? parcel has it's own dependencies. transitive dependencies

don't put those things which you can generate 

only put those things into git which is really important

npm does not stands for node package manager 

what parcel did?
npx-parcel index.html -> npx means executing package 


another way to get react app into our app is npm at the end of day react is just a package

cdn links is not a prefered way to bring react and reactDOM into your project.

fetching from cdn itself is a constly operation. because it makes network call 
it's better to have react inside your node module so you can access it very easily without any network call

what is network ip changes you have to change the url also. 

it is easy to maintain the react inside the module.

when you write npx parcel index.html - it will generate development build and it stores files inside dist folder 

when you write npx parcel build index.html - production build 

production build is highly optimised. 

this parce-cache and dist file can be regenerated. 